Ledger - It's a record of who owns who and the amount.

The ledger has to have trust and consensus in order to work as desired.
So, to achieve such results, first the history has to be immutable, encryption is a way to "hide" your
message, but this is easily breakable once depending on the key you can always get the message back.
For that reason, blockchain's system uses hashing. Hashing is a math function that allows to convert
a message to a hash code, with the advantage that to translate it back is almost impossible.

Blockchain, as its name says, is structured through blocks, meaning that each block is what we hash.
Taking into account the ledger metaphor, each record would be a record that is hashed.

Nonce - It's a number is a number that is combined with the data to produce a hash code.

What does a block need to be added to the blockchain?
A requirement could be a starting number or value for example. The nonce is used for this objective,
but it has to try possibilities until that value is found. The more the number of digits the longer
it takes to found a nonce for that hash.

Blockchain
Blocks in a blockchain takes into account the hash of a previous block. So that's how it gets chained
together. So in order for a block to be created it combines the data, the nonce and the previous
block's hash. If you alter a block in the chain, the subsequent blocks will be invalid.

Summing things up, if a block in the blockchain is changed, the "entire" blockchain is invalidated.

Consensus (Distributed blockchain)
Every time a new miner joins the blockchain they will get a copy of the entire blockchain.
If the person alters the blockchain and redo the nonce to get valid, that person will have a "valid"
blockchain, but that won't match with the other peers blockchains. This is how the network detects
a change. So this distribution contributes to ensure integrity.

Back to our metaphor we have a distributed trustless ledger.

When Ethereum came out, it was discovered that we could store more than data inside blocks, so we
started to store code into the blocks, which was called smart contracts.
An example would be when making a crowdfunding and the goal is reached, a code in the blockchain
gets activated and transfers the money to the recipient.
What we will be learning is how to make automatic things upon an "event" that is stored in the blockchain.